Admin tuning content review14 #8361 ke (#627)
SUSE/doc-susemanager: modules/administration/pages/tuning-largedeploys.adoc

----

* Depending on hardware you can accept hundreds of client keys.
* Plan time for onboarding clients{mdash}at least one hour per 1000 clients.
* It is not recommended onboarding more than approx.

> 1000 clients directly to the {productname} server{mdash}proxies should be used instead.

Reviewer: Personally, I would add a comma to 1,000 but Chicago is ambivalent on it, so it's up to you.

Author: I prefer to add a comma if there are 5 digits.  But if we have a majority for 4, also fine for me.

Reviewer: Sure, I'm not fussed either way :)

* Increase the maximum heap memory for the search daemon to be able to index many clients.
Set 4 GiB instead of the current default 512 MB: add [parameter]``rhn-search.java.maxmemory=4096`` in [path]``/etc/rhn/rhn.conf`` (affects background indexing only).
* Consider disabling Taskomatic jobs, especially if the provided functionality is not used:
** Disable daily comparison of configuration files.
Navigate to menu:Admin[Task Schedules], then select the btn:[compare-configs-default] link, then click btn:[Disable Schedule] and finally btn:[Delete Schedule].
** Disable hourly synchronization of Cobbler files.
Navigate to menu:Admin[Task Schedules], then select the btn:[cobbler-sync-default] link, then click btn:[Disable Schedule] and finally btn:[Delete Schedule].
** Disable daily run of Gatherer and Subscription Matcher.
Navigate tp menu:Admin[Task Schedules], then select the btn:[gatherer-matcher-default] link, then click btn:[Disable Schedule] and finally btn:[Delete Schedule].

[NOTE]
====
Increasing the number of PostgreSQL connections will require more RAM.
Make sure the {productname} server is monitored and swap is never used.
====

> The above settings should be regarded as guidelines.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These settings should be regarded as guidelines.
```

> The setting have been tested to be safe but care should be exercised when changing them, and consulting support is highly recommended.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The settings have been tested, but care should be exercised when changing them, and consulting support is highly recommended.
```
